Before we get started with Robert M..
Q Let's take a look at what we're going to cover in this section in this section.
We're going to start by installing Robert M..
Q On windows in case you're not a Windows user either you're using Mac OS or any other operating system.
Then you can simply skip this part.
And then we're going to install rabbit MQ and management plug in on Mac OS.
After that we're going to take a first look at rabbit MQ command line interface.
After we finish with command line then we're going to take a look at rabid MQ management interface with
this interface.
We're going to look at creating cues exchanges and bindings and so on.
I'll walk you through all the steps involved in this section and I'll be seeing you on the next video.